= MosEisley

MosEisley is an mongrel-handler which serves images with thumbnail-generation from a persistence-adapter.

== How to start

After installing the gem, you can run
	$ mongrel_mos_eisley
which starts a mongrel-server with the MosEisley::Handler. Default host is 127.0.0.1 an default-port is 3324. If you place a mongrel.yml into the directory from which you start mongrel_mos_eisley, you can modify these defaults. An adapter.yml can be used to specify any persistence-adapter from Persistable. Example:
	adapter:
	  type: mogilefs
	  tracker: tracker01:6001
	  domain: foo
	  class: bar

In current version the types memory, filesystem and mogilefs are supported (see bin/config.yml.example for further examples). Type 
  	$ mongrel_mos_eisley --help
for help.

== REQUIREMENTS:

* Mongrel
* Persistable
* ImageResizer
* renum

== LICENSE:

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2009 Caroo GmbH

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.